dev-python/apsw python_all
dev-python/beautifulsoup python_all
dev-python/bsddb3 python_all
dev-python/cssselect python_all
dev-python/cssutils python_all
dev-python/cython python_all
dev-python/dbus-python python_all
dev-python/dnspython python_all
dev-python/docutils-glep python_all
dev-python/docutils python_all
dev-python/feedparser python_all
dev-python/gst-python python_all
dev-python/html5lib python_all
dev-python/imaging python_all
dev-python/isodate python_all
dev-python/jinja python_all
dev-python/jsonpickle python_all
dev-python/lxml python_all
dev-python/m2crypto python_all
dev-python/markupsafe python_all
dev-python/mechanize python_all
dev-python/netifaces python_all
dev-python/notify-python python_all
dev-python/numpy python_all
dev-python/pillow python_all
dev-python/pivy python_all
dev-python/ply python_all
dev-python/pyatspi python_all
dev-python/pycairo python_all
dev-python/pycrypto python_all
dev-python/pygments python_all
dev-python/pygobject python_all
dev-python/pygtk python_all
dev-python/pygtksourceview python_all
dev-python/pyinotify python_all
dev-python/pyparsing python_all
dev-python/pypax python_all
dev-python/pypy no-tmpfs no-lto
dev-python/PyQt4 python_all
dev-python/python-dateutil python_all
dev-python/python-exec python_all no_multilib_strict
dev-python/pyxattr python_all
dev-python/pyxdg python_all
dev-python/rdflib python_all
dev-python/setuptools python_all
dev-python/simplejson python_all
dev-python/sip python_all
dev-python/six python_all
dev-python/sphinx python_all
